Finally start updating the public roadmap (#2831)
DFE-Digital/register-early-career-teachers-public: documentation/site/content/product/roadmap/now.md

We are:

* responding to support tickets and queries after our initial release, so we can make improvements or fix bugs in the service as needed
* adding API fields that will be helpful to onboard 2026 ECTs and mentors quicker, such as an ECT's working pattern
* preparing for opening registration for ECTs and mentors in the 2026 academic year

> * checking and finishing the data we've migrated from the old service to the new, so we can make sure everything is accurate

Reviewer: finish migrating data from the old service to the new and checking all migrated data is accurate, so we can ensure the data can be reliably used by all parties that depend on it

> * checking and finishing the data we've migrated from the old service to the new, so we can make sure everything is accurate

Author: ```suggestion
* finish migrating data from the old service to the new and checking all migrated data is accurate, so we can ensure the data can be reliably used by all parties that depend on it
```

> * iterating our admin console so we can better support our users with any problems that come in

Reviewer: any problems that "arise"?

> * iterating our admin console so we can better support our users with any problems that come in

Author: ```suggestion
* iterating our admin console so we can better support our users with any problems that arise
```
